♪♪
♪ YOU'RE ON THE PHONE WITH YOUR
GIRLFRIEND, SHE'S UPSET ♪
♪ SHE'S GOING OFF ABOUT
SOMETHING THAT YOU SAID ♪
♪ CAUSE SHE DOESN'T GET
YOUR HUMOR LIKE I DO ♪
♪ I'M IN THE ROOM,
IT'S A TYPICAL TUESDAY NIGHT ♪
♪ I'M LISTENING TO THE KIND
OF MUSIC SHE DOESN'T LIKE ♪
♪ AND SHE'LL NEVER KNOW
YOUR STORY LIKE I DO ♪
♪ BUT SHE WEARS SHORT SKIRTS,
I WEAR T-SHIRTS ♪
♪ SHE'S CHEER CAPTAIN
AND I'M ON THE BLEACHERS ♪
♪ DREAMING ABOUT THE DAY
WHEN YOU WAKE UP AND FIND ♪
♪ THAT WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
HAS BEEN HERE THE WHOLE TIME ♪
♪ IF YOU COULD SEE THAT I'M
THE ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS YOU ♪
♪ BEEN HERE ALL ALONG,
SO WHY CAN'T YOU SEE? ♪
♪ YOU, YOU BELONG WITH ME,
YOU BELONG WITH ME ♪
♪ WALKING THE STREETS WITH YOU
AND YOUR WORN-OUT JEANS ♪
♪ I CAN'T HELP THINKING THIS
IS HOW IT OUGHT TO BE ♪
♪ LAUGHING ON A PARK BENCH,
THINKING TO MYSELF ♪
♪ HEY, ISN'T THIS EASY? ♪
♪ AND YOU'VE GOT A SMILE THAT
COULD LIGHT UP THIS WHOLE TOWN ♪
♪ I HAVEN'T SEEN IT IN A WHILE
SINCE SHE BROUGHT YOU DOWN ♪
♪ YOU SAY YOU'RE FINE,
I KNOW YOU BETTER THAN THAT ♪
♪ HEY, WHAT YA DOING
WITH A GIRL LIKE THAT? ♪
♪ SHE WEARS HIGH HEELS,
I WEAR SNEAKERS ♪
♪ SHE'S CHEER CAPTAIN
AND I'M ON THE BLEACHERS ♪
♪ DREAMING ABOUT THE DAY
WHEN YOU WAKE UP AND FIND ♪
♪ THAT WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
HAS BEEN HERE THE WHOLE TIME ♪
♪ IF YOU COULD SEE THAT I'M THE
ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS YOU ♪
♪ BEEN HERE ALL ALONG,
SO WHY CAN'T YOU SEE? ♪
♪ YOU BELONG WITH ME ♪
♪ STANDING BY AND WAITING
AT YOUR BACK DOOR ♪
♪ ALL THIS TIME HOW
COULD YOU NOT KNOW ♪
♪ BABY, YOU BELONG WITH ME,
YOU BELONG WITH ME ♪
♪ OH, I REMEMBER
YOU DRIVING TO MY HOUSE IN
THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT ♪
♪ I'M THE ONE
WHO MAKES YOU LAUGH ♪
♪ WHEN YOU KNOW YOU'RE
'BOUT TO CRY ♪
♪ AND I KNOW YOUR FAVORITE SONGS
YOU TELL ME 'BOUT YOUR DREAMS ♪
♪ THINK I KNOW WHERE YOU BELONG,
THINK I KNOW IT'S WITH ME ♪
♪ CAN'T YOU SEE THAT I'M
THE ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS YOU ♪
♪ BEEN HERE ALL ALONG,
SO WHY CAN'T YOU SEE? ♪
♪ YOU BELONG WITH ME♪
♪ STANDING BY AND WAITING
AT YOUR BACK DOOR ♪
♪ ALL THIS TIME HOW
COULD YOU NOT KNOW ♪
♪ BABY, YOU BELONG WITH ME,
YOU BELONG WITH ME ♪
♪ YOU BELONG WITH ME♪
♪ HAVE YOU EVER
THOUGHT JUST MAYBE ♪
♪ YOU BELONG WITH ME ♪